[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Vashta.
>> Hi.
>> We're at an undisclosed
location in the middle
of America.
And you're in America.
So we can do this.
We can have this interview.
We can have this conversation.
We've been talking about
this off and on for--
I don't know-- a year?
>> A year at least.
>> Yeah.
So I'm glad it worked out.
>> You're an artist.
You're an empath?
Intuitive?
>> I would call myself
an intuitive artist.
>> An intuitive artist?
>> Yeah, let's say.
>> Explain a little
bit about that.
Explain what do you do in that--
>> I use a 3D
program to depict--
I started off with depicting
stuff that I've seen,
beings that I've seen
in my dream adventures,
or meditations, or
visions, because I noticed
there wasn't really any
depictions of them that
were realistic.
And I started doing that
for myself and posting it.
And people started
liking it a lot,
and then they started
asking me to do it for them.
And it's basically a
process where, at the start,
I was just taking descriptions
because I wasn't really
sure if I could connect or not.
But as the time went by, I
started getting confirmations
about some things that I would
do, I would be inspired to do,
but nobody has told me to.
And people were
recognizing ETs that they
have seen in their dreams.
They have been recognizing stuff
from the books they've read.
And I've worked with quite
a few channelers, depicting
the beings that
they're channeling.
And eventually, I started
connecting to them properly.
And it was more about
trusting myself.
I think I was connecting
with them the whole time,
but I really didn't
trust myself.
And when that shift
happened for me,
it opened up a whole new
field for playing with this.
And they're helping
me depict them.
They're telling me what
to do, what not to do.
Sometimes, they show
themselves to me.
And I can clearly see them
and depict what I saw.
And sometimes, I see nothing,
and they are just guiding me
within my program that I use.
And I see the end result
when it's finished.
So I'm kind of blind working
there, which really requires
a lot of self-trust for me,
and trusting the connection,
and all of that.
So every single
piece is different.
>> When did this
all start for you?
This sort of-- well,
I guess backing up
to when you first started to do
your own work from the visions
and meditations that you saw.
>> I would say it's been
about a year and a half.
I'm not counting the moments
where I was just drawing them
off of descriptions because I
was really just playing around.
I didn't plan on making
a career out of it.
I didn't plan any of this.
I just needed some
pictures for my web site.
>> Right.
>> And there was nobody
that could do them,
so I was like OK,
let's try and play.
Because I have
previous experience
with photo manipulation,
and Photoshop, and artwork.
So I thought maybe 3D would be
a good way to play with this.
And yeah, I think it was
about a year and a half.
And it happened
really, really fast.
I just started posting my works,
and within a month or two,
people started asking
me for commissions.
I'm still not really
believing what happened.
I'm like, I'm an artist.
OK.
I do this sort of work.
But the way I got
into it was simply
by following my excitement.
It wasn't like, oh, how am I
going to earn money from this?
It just went its own way.
>> So with all the contacts
working in connecting to these
beings, when, in your life,
did this start happening?
Did you know from birth
that there's something
greater outside?
>> Yeah.
>> There's something else going
on with these other beings?
>> I'm remembering a
lot from my childhood.
I remember even stuff before
I even learned how to walk.
And I had a lot of encounters.
I don't remember the faces, but
I remember the feeling of it.
I remember being
pulled out of my body.
I remember, after a while,
when I started, I guess,
getting into socializing with
other children and all of that,
I started fearing
it a little bit.
Because I realized it
was not something that
was supposed to be happening.
>> Something that others were
having the same experiences.
>> Yeah, yeah.
But before that, it just
felt like home to me.
And afterwards, for
the longest time,
I didn't know what
all of that was
because I was too little to
understand what is an ET.
They were just
like family to me.
It was normal.
And then maybe back
in 2011 or '12,
I had this big awakening
moment where I just woke up,
and everything just seemed
funny and ridiculous,
and this whole life.
>> Was there a
catalyst for that?
Was there a specific something--
>> Well, it was kind of
like a catalyst, I guess.
Because I was getting
these dreams--
now I know they were
from Arcturians,
my Arcturian family.
I was getting dreams
and downloads,
and I was going to this realm
that was like pure light,
and everything was white.
And I was understanding that
I'm in contact with something,
but I didn't know
which race it was.
I didn't know anything about it.
And I remember one night,
I was lying in my bed,
and I looked through
the window, and there
was just this one star blinking
right at me through the window.
Nothing else was visible.
And I took my phone app,
and checked what it is.
And was like, OK, Arcturus.
And then I remembered that back
when I was 18 or something,
I was lying in the grass
with some of my friends,
and we were just looking at
the stars and talking about,
what do you think where home is?
Because we were clubbers, and
we were into this trance music
and all that, and this
whole story about ETs
was totally normal for us.
So we always had
these conversations.
And somebody asked me,
what do you think home is?
And I was pointing at one
of the stars that really
was attracting my
attention, and I
remembered it was
Arcturus, the same thing.
And that kind of connection
with that past experience
made me understand that
there's something more to it.
And I started researching.
And I was already
waking up, in a way.
In a way where you understand
that what is happening here
is not really what
we've been told.
And the whole secrecy
and all that stuff,
and the chem trails,
everything, the whole shebang.
And after my awakening, I
kind of gotten over all that.
>> I call that the
conspiracy phase.
>> Yeah.
>> Like, everyone first goes
through the conspiracy phase
before they actually get
to the awakening, I guess,
if that's the--
>> And it's a good
thing, I think,
because fear stuff usually
shakes people up to wake up,
and it's a necessary step.
But yeah, I kind of gotten
over that very fast.
Within a year or
two, I was already
researching something else.
And I was more
interested in ETs.
And after that
awakening happened,
just by realizing that I don't
have to prepare for 10 years
to connect to ETs and
have these abilities,
I released that block.
And I started having extensive
communications with them.
I wasn't sharing
a lot about them
because it was all
very new to me.
And back then, I didn't have
all the Facebook friends
that I have now.
I wasn't talking to many
people that were abroad.
And in my country,
in Serbia, there
was wasn't many that
were interested in this.
So I did my own research.
>> And in what way did you
have these contact experiences
in the beginning?
>> Usually dreams.
>> OK.
>> Dream experiences where
I would go into astral--
I already had some kind
of a spiritual training
throughout the
whole of my life--
meditation, and shamanism,
and all kinds of stuff.
So I understood that to that
degree, what was going on,
that I was going
somewhere, and I
was having these
communications and downloads.
And they were teaching me this.
And then I would
come back and really
struggle to remember and
write it down or something.
But I didn't know what to
do with it at that point.
And I was researching,
just like you,
I was talking to all
these different people.
I was listening to all
these different channelers.
And then after a
while, I started
trying to connect
directly to these beings.
Instead of listening
to Darryl, I
would try and figure out,
well, what would Bashar say?
What would this one say?
What would that one say?
And then I started getting
feeling and the energies,
which were very different than
what you're used to when you're
talking to humans.
So it was obvious
to me that it was
the ET, extraterrestrial
energy or something
higher, on a higher
level, because of the way
they were communicating with me.
But as for artwork there
was this specific moment
when I realized that
I can channel it.
And it relates to
Rob, another channel
that you interviewed
in your series.
We're very good friends,
so we work a lot together.
I ask his entities
for some confusions
that I have about
my own journey.
And one of the
pictures that I've
done before I started
channeling was just
this feline hybrid being.
And I didn't even know
who he was, what it was.
I just felt I was going to
draw him, and that was it.
I forgot about that.
Within several months,
I had a session,
a channeling session with Rob.
And I just asked about--
actually, I asked
about my cat back then
because I was interested why
am I connecting so well to her,
and why I was feeling
energies that are not just
animal energies in her.
And Rob's channeled entity
explained to me that--
>> Aridif or TReb?
>> Aridif.
I think it was Aridif.
He explained to me that my
cat is an extension of an ET
counterpart that I have within
the feline civilization.
And it still didn't
dawn on me at the time.
I was like, OK,
that makes sense.
It's great.
And after that session,
I just sat with my cat
and communicated with her.
And I was telling
her, give me a name.
If you're connected to
some other being out there
or expression of this other
being, give me a name.
And the name I got was the same
name I got for that picture
that I did of that feline being
that I thought I just made up.
And when I looked
at him, he even
had the same collar pattern as
my cat and the same green eyes.
>> But the first time
when you drew the picture,
you didn't make that connection.
>> I had no idea.
I had no idea.
And that's how it
started happening for me.
>> Aridif just simply said
that the cat was the extension
of the being, and then that's
when things connected for you?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Because when I heard
it, I didn't connect it.
I was like, OK, I
didn't know I was
connected to any feline beings.
There was three or four
months gone by in between
that I really forgot it.
I've done many other
drawings since then.
And then when the
name came through,
because the name came
through for this one as well,
and it was the same name, and
then that's when I realized.
And that's what opened me up
to the idea that I can do this,
and that pretty much everyone
can do this if they just
release the self-doubt.
>> So if I was an experiencer,
and I came across your work,
and I had my own experiences--
whether it was a dream,
or physical, or however,
my interpretation of that--
but I wanted to draw that or
have a physical representation
so I could show other
people, this is what I saw.
But I'm not an artist.
So I call you up, and I say,
hey, I had this experience.
What is that conversation
like, between--
>> Usually, I can't tap
into something like that.
But there has to
be a level of it
being open enough for me to
depict it the way I see it.
Because I'm not an Illustrator.
I probably could be, but
that's not too exciting for me.
So just working
off of descriptions
is not something that
produces very good results
when I'm working on it
because I'm not all in it.
But if I get the chance
to connect and figure out
what it is, maybe find
out some information
or connect to these beings,
they might show themselves to me
differently.
Or they might use a slightly
different appearance
because the person who saw
them for the first time
didn't see them well, or
maybe it's a screen memory,
maybe they show themselves
differently every time
because their vibration
is so high that they
change their appearances.
So it's very, very malleable.
And that's what I try to
explain to people first.
>> So you're not like a
crime scene, redrawing the--
>> No.
But I know quite a
few good ones that
have made pictures of Bashar.
>> That do that based
on the descriptions,
and they do this description.
OK.
>> Yeah.
I'm more like a--
I wrote it on my
website-- like a dancer
interpreting the music.
I connect to the frequency, and
that's my most important thing
to translate.
If I can translate
the frequency,
the details are
not that important.
And as soon as I
relax into this,
the details are coming out well.
There's no way for me to check
other than get a confirmation
from the person that got the
portrait when they saw it.
And very, very often, they come
back at me with shock and awe.
How is it possible
that I've depicted
something they have been
seeing since they were a child?
Sometimes, they don't.
Sometimes, they don't really
manage to connect immediately,
but they connect in the dreams.
It does some kind
of an activation
that I don't fully understand.
And I'm not trying to.
I'm just letting it
do its own thing.
Because when I try
to intervene, it
makes it that much
longer for me to finish.
It's creating obstacles.
It's creating doubt.
And then I'm not sure
whether their hair is blue,
whether their hair is--
yeah.
And as soon as I started doing
that, I do it often still.
I'm not a professional
channeler.
Every single portrait is a
process for me, of self-trust,
of all of that, until at
the end, I'm happy with it.
And I'm like, OK, this is it.
>> So it's really about the
person when they see it,
connecting to the emotion
that they get when they see
the picture as opposed to their
analytical mind seeing this
or that.
>> Yes.
>> Your focus, your goal
is to recreate the emotion
in the individual watching
the picture as opposed
to the specifics.
>> Yeah.
>> A true artist.
>> Yeah, and it all
involves colors that I use.
It involves
backgrounds that I use.
It involves symbols sometimes.
And now, more than before,
lately, a lot of things
appear in the image
that I haven't
seen while I was doing them.
For example, a
shadow over one eye
that actually was meant to
mean something or some details
like that.
Then later on, I get
messages from them
that that's what it means.
>> I see.
>> And I'm like, oh.
I didn't know it was about
this, but I still did it.
So yeah.
>> You're following that
guidance and intuition.
>> Yeah.
>> So you're channeling.
Essentially, you're
channeling those energies
and just putting it in the--
there's intuitive writers.
There's channelers.
There's you, who's
an intuitive artist.
>> Yeah.
Well, from what I understood,
the biggest problem between us
and the ETs, one of
the biggest problems,
is our language that doesn't
really translate well
what they have to tell us.
So I'm seeing this as a way
to circumvent the language
and go directly
to the experience.
And that seems to
be much easier.
People get touched
by it much easier
than the message
that comes with it.
And sometimes, no
message comes with it.
That's not part of
my, I guess, offering.
I'm not promising them
that I will get something.
>> Yeah, it's hard
to say, right?
>> Yeah, yeah.
It's very hard to say.
Sometimes, they really
don't want to talk to me.
They want to talk to
their own connection.
>> And has that happened?
So somebody who's commissioned
you to do an artwork,
and then you're just not
getting anything from that?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah, it has.
>> What do you do in that case?
You just tell the
people, hey, I'm sorry,
I'm not getting anything?
>> Two or three times, and it's
usually in cases where people
already have a
connection working,
people who are already aware
of something in the dreams,
or people who are even
channeling already.
Then the being is
like, he can talk to me
or she can talk to me herself.
And sometimes, it's to get them
to activate a little bit more,
and to try and establish some
kind of a permanent rapport
instead of just
getting information
from all these other people
about their own connection.
>> I see.
>> So sometimes, it's
to draw them out,
and they just don't want to say
anything except that they are
wanting them to
do it themselves.
>> Right, right.
Have you done any--
I forget-- have you done
depictions of Aridif or TReb?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, OK.
Oh, actually, I have
seen the TReb one.
I don't think I've
seen the Aridif one.
>> Aridif is the one that he
uses in everything, almost.
>> With the purple eyes?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, OK.
That's yours.
OK.
I wasn't sure where
that came from.
OK.
Awesome.
Recently, I saw a piece
of art you've done from--
well, from Bashar.
And then I recently
saw the Bashar movie,
and I saw that it was more like
a cartoony, little cutesy--
>> Casper the Friendly Ghost.
>> Yeah, that was in the movie.
But then I saw
yours, and I'm like,
I think yours is a little
closer to, probably,
what the real Bashar looks like.
>> Well, I was really, really
excited about seeing the movie.
And then when I
saw the depictions,
the way they're done,
it clicked to me
that they're pretty much doing
the same thing I'm doing.
They're channeling the emotion.
If you had the beings I
depicted, the way I see them,
walking around
like that, I think
there would be a lot of
kids scared, you know?
>> Right, right, right.
>> They don't want to do that.
But I am always
open to being wrong.
It might be that
I'm totally off,
and that's only how I
see them, and nobody else
sees them that way.
So I'm hoping that we
will find out very soon.
>> Well, you've
recently done this--
I forget the name--
is it Sherry or Cheryl?
This YahYel female.
>> OK.
Oh, Shayla.
>> Shayla, Shayla.
How did that come about?
>> Shayla is somebody that
I have been working with
in my dream states
on their ship.
And that was all the
way back from 2013,
when I got into the
Hybrid Children.
Well, I first met
my Hybrid daughter,
which shocked me completely.
I wasn't looking for it.
I wasn't researching it.
And then after that, I
started researching more
about the abductions,
and the Greys,
and started remembering my
experiences from childhood.
>> So you met your Hybrid
daughter before you even knew,
really, about the Hybrid--
>> Before I even had an idea
about what a Hybrid Child is.
I kind of heard it from
Bashar back then a little bit,
but I really did not
look for the connection.
And that happened
also in the dream.
But it was the most realistic
emotional experience that I've
ever had with any other ET.
>> And what was that?
Can you describe the experience?
>> Well, the dream was basically
somewhere in the mountain
range, all the way up high.
I had a feeling
it might have been
in Tibet or some kind of a
big mountain range like that.
And we were almost at the tops,
and there were a lot of people
there.
And we were all waiting
for them to come.
And silly me, I thought
I was with my friend,
keeping him company,
and he was going
to meet his children
or some connection.
And I was just
standing on the side.
And all of a sudden,
all of them disappeared,
and there was just
this one little ship
with the glass dome.
It looked like something
from a cartoon almost,
like a single person
ship, that materialized
on the ground a little
bit away from me.
And I thought they
came to see my friend.
But my friend was already gone.
And I was all alone
there, at night,
in the middle of a mountain.
And snow was everywhere.
And I remember just having this
feeling, taking a deep breath,
like, OK, this is it.
I'm going to have
an encounter now.
I was totally lucid.
I was aware that
this was going on.
>> You knew you were dreaming.
>> There is a possibility
that I wasn't.
>> Right.
>> I don't know.
I can't tell.
>> It's hard to see
those differences easily.
>> Yeah.
There is a possibility
that I actually got
snatched and teleported there.
I don't know.
In any case, I remember
it slowly descending.
And this being came
out of that ship
in some kind of a
white space suit.
And I remember she had
white hair and yellow face,
like the weird yellow.
You can't get that kind
of yellow on Earth.
It was like a mustard
color, just brighter.
From the distance.
And I thought it
was just some ET.
And I thought I was
going to be all cool
and coming to meet them.
But my legs just
stopped working.
My knees were shaking.
I totally had a reaction like
you would have right now,
in real life, if something
that unusual happened to you.
It didn't feel like a dream.
But I was slowly
approaching anyways.
And I saw big black eyes, but
not big, big Grey, just bigger
than ours.
And as I was coming
to the range where
I could discern the
facial expression,
I saw this being smile.
And suddenly, like
a resonator thing,
it happened that I
understood immediately
that she's my daughter.
And this whole physical
discomfort and experience
disappeared immediately.
And I just came to her, and she
did this sign language thing
that I remember teaching
her in other dreams.
I just didn't know
it was a Hybrid.
I thought I was dreaming
about having some kids.
I remember teaching her.
And she did something like this,
twice in the chest, and said,
"elrah."
The voice was like--
the closest I can
describe it is if you
put a cooling fan in
front of your face
and start talking in it.
It was chopped.
Like, err.
>> Right, right.
Choppy, yeah.
>> Yeah it was very choppy.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
>> Yeah, yeah.
And a little bit
higher pitched, like it
was sped up or not really
fitting my vibration
so it sounded differently.
I don't know.
And I remember just standing
there and not knowing my name.
Like I was supposed to
say my name or something,
and I kind of
stopped identifying
with all these names.
And I was just standing
there and shrugging.
And she telepathically sent
to me, don't worry, Mom,
I know who you are.
I just started laughing.
And she had this
device that I've never
seen anywhere else before that
almost looked like a tricorder.
And she was doing some scans
around the planet and stuff
like that.
And that's pretty
much all I remember.
I had it cut.
And then after that, I remember
all these different people
in a huge hangar, talking
to their own children.
And I remember seeing that these
ships that the children were in
were actually going inside the
mountain, through the wall.
But after that, for
a week, I was crying.
I was so shook up because what
do you do when you find out
you have a child
somewhere out there?
>> Right, right.
>> I don't have
a physical child,
so this was my first impression
of feeling like a mother.
And yeah, it was
very hard for me.
But why were we even
talking about that?
>> Well, I think I started
asking about Shayla.
>> Shayla, yes.
OK, now I got it.
>> And you said you've been
doing a lot of communicating
with her on their own ships.
>> It's related.
It's related because
Shayla is one of the people
that I worked with along
with Hybrid Children.
She is one of the
YahYel, and she
has been a counterpart
of a friend of mine
that I used to work with.
But since these counterparts
seem to be so flexible,
a lot of different people can
have the same counterpart.
So a lot of different people
started connecting with Shayla
when I depicted her.
And ironically, she was
one of the rare ones
that I've actually seen.
I remember talking to
her, and I remember
her blue skin and the
gold locks, and all of it.
And at that point, she was in
charge of some kind of a Hybrid
Children human introduction.
I don't know what is
she doing right now,
but I know that there are
people who are starting
to channel her out there.
So whoever wants to
look it up, they can.
Back then, we were this team of
researchers and experiencers,
and we were connecting to
all these different beings.
And then Rob was
very helpful for us
because we could talk to
these beings through him.
And eventually--
>> Did Rob channel
Shayla at any point?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah, I think he channeled
her quite a few times now.
Shaun Swanson also
channeled Shayla.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah.
So it seems like Shayla is
one of the prominent figures
in their YahYel society, and
she has a lot of communications
with humans.
So she is very open to
people connecting to her
if they want to find out about
their Hybrid Child, Children
or Child, or just their
connections to the YahYel
or the Hybrids in general.
Yeah.
>> When you first heard about
the Hybrid Children, YahYel,
Sassani, did it all
resonate right away?
Or did you--
>> Well, after having that
experience with my daughter,
I really did not have
any doubts about it.
But then I started researching.
And then a lot of dots
started connecting
because I was going through
all these different kinds
of material, not just the
channeling, but also abductees.
People who had traumatic events.
People who had military
abductions, all that sort
of thing I was researching.
And I realized that
I was being taken
since I was a little child.
So it's not something
that started for me when
I was able to have children.
I also remembered that I had
a few unexplained pregnancies
that also the disappearance
of them was unexplained.
>> Can you explain that?
About two months, pregnancy?
>> About two months.
I remember I ended up--
>> That's a common thing.
>> I ended up in a hospital.
And this is probably good to
share because a lot of people
had these experiences.
>> Sure.
>> I ended up in a hospital
because the doctor determined
that--
I don't know the
English expression
for that-- but it's a pregnancy
outside of uterus that
is very dangerous.
The fetus gets attached
to the ovary or something.
I don't know the medical stuff.
People can look it up.
But I ended up in a
hospital because they
wanted to operate
on me even though I
knew there was no chance
for me to be pregnant.
>> Right.
But did it show up
on pregnant test?
>> Seven doctors did
ultrasounds, probes, all over,
and they all saw the
baby's heart beating.
The next day, they were
prepping me for surgery.
I was already in that
surgical gown and everything.
And the results from the lab
came, and it wasn't anything.
And all of a sudden, it was
just, like, polycystic ovaries
or some kind of syndrome.
I just remember lying
there, and seven of them
were looking at that
monitor that I did not see.
It was next to my head, and
they saw baby's heart beating.
And they were like, we
have to end this right now,
because if it breaks,
it might kill her.
>> Yeah.
>> That was one time.
The other time,
it was like that.
It was like a two months
pregnancy out of nowhere.
I did not have a relationship.
There was no way for
me to be pregnant.
And then it was gone.
>> How long was the first?
Was that about two months
as well before you--
>> They said that it
was almost six months.
>> Six months, wow.
>> Or five months or something.
It was quite big.
That's why it was shocking
to me because I'm like,
how would I not know?
I had pains, but--
so yeah, that shifted
my whole perspective
when I remembered that and
all these different times
when I was getting
taken from my room.
And then the childhood
memories of hearing the plane.
Humming sound was triggering
me into leaving my body.
It was like I was all ready
when I hear a specific sound,
I knew something
was going to happen.
A lot of these encounters
from my childhood
had a screen memory of a
cartoon character, though.
So I've developed a little
bit of a traumatic reaction
when I would see certain
cartoon characters.
Even "ET the Extra
Terrestrial" movie
was triggering me into something
that I did not understand.
But eventually, I've learned, as
I was researching all of this,
that because I didn't
understand it, I was fearing it.
But once they took
me, and I was already
in that conscious space
with them, it was like home.
It was just that moment of
getting me out of my shell,
I guess, out of my
third density reality.
That was scary for me.
And also, another thing
that a lot of experiencers
with the abductions and
Hybrid Children have in common
is that their family
has a military history.
It's usually the
father who was part
of the military or somebody from
the male side of the family.
And that's the case with me.
>> OK.
>> He wasn't really
directly connected,
but he was working
with the army,
and he was working on
some top secret projects.
So it all just
really fits together
when you research all of it.
>> Yeah, it is.
It's funny because I
started researching
the abductees and
the experiencers
before I got into the channeling
and the Hybrid programs
and stuff like that.
>> Yeah.
>> So I went more
of the conspiracy,
hard evidence side first.
And then this stuff
started connecting
the dots for that world.
So I had that perspective first.
>> Well, I can totally
appreciate that.
I was spiritual my
whole life, but I
had a moment where
I really did not
want anything to do with
anything unless it's
scientific.
Because it was like up to here
from all the fake information
that you can get.
It's very hard to
find something that's
like Bashar, for example.
At least at that moment,
it was hard for me.
So I just shunned it all away.
And the only reason
I got back into it
were pretty much Nassim Haramein
and Bruce Lipton, Dr. Bruce
Lipton.
That's what got me back into
spirituality because there
was somebody finally explaining
it in a scientific way
instead of that it's
something magical happening.
It's both, I understand that.
But this element is needed.
I guess it's not even
rigid structure anymore.
It's just cold, hard facts.
It's needed.
And for me, that
was the entrance
into the whole area of ETs,
and channeling, and everything.
I entered with physics.
>> Yeah.
I find our past a little bit
similar in a lot of ways.
When I started getting
into your research,
sort of simultaneously
with my stuff,
and then I'd cross
notes, and you'd
ask questions that I wanted
to ask, and then vise versa.
So I've been a fan of your
exploration, and your research,
and of course, your art.
But it's almost like you're
researching at the same time
and asking these questions.
>> That's why it's
fun to do the art,
because I get all
these different beings
and information about them.
>> Right, right.
So how do you discern
the difference?
We had the
conversation yesterday,
which was sort of
reassuring, about the Zetas.
What does the Zeta feel like?
You said something about
coffee or something.
>> Yeah, like
overdosing on caffeine.
>> Right, right.
Yeah.
And I feel like I had my
first Zeta experience recently
that was very just tight.
Overdosing on caffeine--
beautiful way to say that.
How about these other races?
What is the Arcturians?
What do they feel like?
>> They seem to be feeling the
same for pretty much everyone.
They feel like home.
>> OK.
Home.
All right.
>> They feel like it's very easy
to connect to them because they
are so ethereal and omnipresent.
They are not usually
in physical bodies.
Some of them are.
But what people
don't usually realize
is that they are like 17
races of Acturians over there.
And they only know about
one that's connecting
to them or something.
But they're all different
densities, different kind
of advancement.
When I talk about them, I tend
to go at least the royal way.
I tend to talk about
the non-physical ones.
Pleiadians.
How do they differ
from Acturians.
Well, that's, for
example, new for me.
I was never able to connect
with them very well.
Right.
But that was mainly
because of the information
that was coming
online about them
that I really did
not resonate with.
I mean, people have
these preconceptions
about who they are
and what they are.
Sure.
But when we're talking about
the human looking Pleiadians,
my closest experience is when
I was connecting with Sasha,
who Lisa channels, and
when I was connecting
to my own counterpart.
And they feel very close to us,
but the experience that kind of
got me into their world and
got me to understand more
about them was when I
saw through Sasha's eyes.
I had, with Lisa--
this was very funny.
Because we went back and forth
with me trying to depict Sasha.
And I could not see her.
Every time I would connect,
I would see through her eyes.
>> Oh.
>> I was not able to see her.
So we managed to put it together
along with all three of us.
Rahm was involved as well about
the descriptions, who saw what.
And just put it together.
But that experience
that I had, I
think that was my
first experience
of proper fourth density world.
>> OK.
>> And it felt
almost like a dream,
like you would feel completely
careless, joyful, serene,
centered, and wise.
That's the best way
I can describe it,
but still feels human.
It's just how you would imagine
the wisest and most enlightened
person here, and
maybe then some.
That's what the
Pleiadians feel like.
But they're very,
very close to us.
And I can understand why so
many people connect to them,
because it feels really nice.
>> Interesting.
Yeah.
I don't feel like I've really
had that Pleiadian connection
thing yet either.
>> Yeah.
>> Mantis beings.
>> At least the ones I was
connecting with are quite bossy
feeling.
They feel bossy in a way
where they don't really
beat around the bush.
They tell you everything.
And my first experience
with a mantis
was when I was snatched by a
reptilian on a ship that had
all these different races on.
And the feeling of it, they all
felt like a "Firefly" episode.
They were all teasing
each other on the ship.
And it was very relaxed.
And then the mantis being came.
And it scared me to death.
I did not know what
I was looking at.
>> Oh, OK.
>> I don't get
scared by reptilians.
I don't even get
scared by any of this.
But just the
alienness of the way
it was moving, like a gigantic
insect, like shaking slowly,
and the way I felt like I
was paralyzed by its energy
felt like--
I'm pretty sure a
lot of people would
experience that as a trauma.
But for me, I was just
trying to look at it
and see what can I see,
and what can I feel?
And the amount of
focus that it had,
I've never felt
that anywhere else.
I mean, all the
other crew members--
there were hybrids.
And some of them were reptilian.
They were all seeming like
they were beaming respect
towards this mantis being.
>> OK.
>> That was my only experience,
and my first experience with
a mantis being.
And I did not realize it was a
mantis being until, of course,
I woke up later on
throughout the day, kind of
started remembering what
it looked like really.
Because I thought it was
some kind of a tall gray.
It did not move like
anything I've seen before.
The closest I can
come is if you've
seen "The Close Encounters
of the Third Kind."
>> Mhm.
>> That last being that
starts coming out of the ship,
like with long legs,
and looking all shaky.
That's what I've seen.
>> And you had another
encounter with them, you said?
>> I had another one.
>> Oh, with the
automatic writing.
>> With automatic writing.
Yeah.
And that's when
they were telling me
that they require clarity
for communication,
and that I need to
defragment myself,
which I understood what
they meant because I
was reading about this already.
And it kind of really
fits together well,
about beta brainwave states,
and all these other brainwave
states that we have where
they communicate with us.
And what they're
basically saying to me,
at least, is that I have to work
on integrating these states so
that I can remember what happens
in both, instead of remembering
one but not the other
when I'm in these states.
And it makes sense to me.
I just got really
surprised that they told me
that this is what we require.
>> Oh.
>> Like we require
clarity basically,
or else you're not going
to be talking to us.
They're not interested
in me misinterpreting.
>> Oh, interesting.
OK.
>> Yeah.
But I do feel loving
energy from them.
It's just very alien
and very different
when you actually see them.
And I think most
people don't really.
They have screen memories.
Or they appear as somebody else.
Or their brain
translates into something
that they're more familiar
with, because anybody
with human DNA seeing a gigantic
insectoid like looking thing
is going to be freaked
out just by the unusual.
It's not even scary.
It's just so unusual
that it kicks you out
of your own center.
You know?
>> Sure.
>> But it's a really
great experience.
And I know you have more
experiences with mantis
than I do.
>> No.
I've only had a couple.
Yeah.
But I like to get
different takes and stuff.
>> Yeah.
No.
I really like
connecting with them.
It's very, very specific.
They don't really
beat around the bush.
They don't go, dear one, you
know, et cetera, et cetera.
No.
It's like this, this, this.
>> Right.
Right.
And finally, well, I
know there's many others,
but reptilians.
>> Yeah.
Well, with them
it really depends.
There's so many different ones.
I can't say a blanket
statement for all of them,
because there are more
malevolent ones, more
interested in their own self.
>> Is there a characteristic
that goes across all of them
that you could--
>> I would say that the one
thing that goes across all
of them is that they're
connecting very well with
our first three chakras.
>> OK.
>> They are very carnal beings,
very grounded, very powerful.
So these three chakras,
aligning those three chakras
in a communication
with a reptilian
helps insanely
well, and prevents
all these jarring emotions and
knee jerk reactions that people
have when they see them.
And another thing
is that most of them
like display of strength,
display of pride.
So when they first
encounter somebody,
they're going to puff up almost.
They're going to make themselves
look more threatening.
And that's almost like
their way of saying hello.
I mean, that's my experience.
What I've seen and what I've
heard from other people--
maybe somebody else has
different experiences.
I'm not saying it's
the ultimate truth.
>> Sure.
>> But in any case, where I
was connecting to a reptilian,
they require respect.
They don't care much about
lovey dovey feelings,
unless they're higher up,
like TReb, for example.
But even TReb gets
excited and everything.
He's not really just loving.
They are almost
like when you have--
I don't know.
Vikings maybe, or Maori
tribes, that they wrestle just
to say hello.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And then if you accept
that kind of a greeting,
you play along with it,
and you do the same thing,
you're like rawr, make yourself
look strong and all that,
after that they just start
being completely normal.
And you can talk to
them like we're talking.
But the ritualistic
thing is over.
And you go on with the
normal communication.
It's just that from what
I notice, a lot of people
get scared by that first initial
response by a reptilian that
goes.
And they think they're going
to get attacked or something.
>> Sure.
>> But it's just
the way they are.
And all of them are like that.
>> OK.
Have you had much experience
outside of ETs and what
we perceive as ETs, in the
sense of demonic, ghosts.
>> Ooh-hoo-hoo.
Yes.
>> Or other energies.
And how would you categorize
those other energies?
>> Yes.
I had extensive
experiences with those.
And I think that was my
preparation to do this work,
because now I can connect
with all these beings
without freaking out.
>> OK.
So prior to the ET experiences,
you've had other experiences.
>> Yeah.
As I told you, I had
shamanic training.
>> Yeah.
>> I was never
initialized or anything.
I was just interested
in all that.
And in a lot of things.
I used to be a
Wiccan at some point.
>> At one time in my
life, in my early 20s,
these astral attacks
started happening very,
very frequently.
And I also got
involved with helping
some people that
were basically being
targeted by a satanist cult.
>> The cult was
targeting these people?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Wow.
>> It's a story I've actually
never told anyone or anywhere,
because I kind of don't
want to scare people.
>> Sure.
>> But it's my experience in a
way that I've learned something
very valuable from this.
I'm not going to go into the
whole story of what happened.
Maybe some time I will
share it in the future.
But I had astral attacks.
I had these beings
trying to suck up--
they almost seemed like
dementors from "Harry Potter."
They were trying to suck out
my soul through my mouth.
And all kinds of stuff was
happening to me at night.
I would go to what I
call lower astral, which
is like our subconscious and
conscious, like unconscious
fears.
And it's like a whole
realm just built on that.
>> Just on fears.
Huh.
>> It's all like black
and white, very dense,
and very fearful.
You feel fearful in it.
>> Right.
>> And I had so many of these
experiences that I just--
it flipped over for me.
I got sick of it.
And I was like, OK.
And so let's see
what this is about.
I'm not going to try to avoid
it any longer or run away.
I mean, I know I can
run away already.
Like let's see what
happens when I face it.
And I kind of started seeing
what all of these teachings
are teaching us now.
I saw that in an example
of what was going on
in those experiences that I am
simply seeing a part of myself,
that I have not really
recognized and integrated.
And when I changed my
perspective into that,
and also changed my
perspective by putting myself
in their shoes, what would
it be like to be this being?
>> To be a satanic cult guy?
>> Yeah.
Or a demon?
>> Or the actual demon?
>> Like a negative entity that's
wanting something off of me.
>> Sure.
Sure.
>> What would be my goals?
How would I feel?
I was really wondering why are
they doing what they're doing?
>> Right.
>> And by kind of doing
that, overlapping,
and putting myself in the shoes
of the whatever was making me
have these experiences, I
stopped having the experiences.
Suddenly every time I
would end up in that realm,
I would feel empowered.
I would feel like I'm one
of them, wherever I am.
>> Right.
>> OK.
I'm one of you guys now.
>> Right.
>> Or I end up with Acturians.
I'm one of you guys now.
>> Right.
>> And that's kind of
how I work through it.
But I was also a target of
that cult at some point,
because inadvertently I
did like a tarot reading
to help somebody.
And it was like me
opening the door
and saying hi to
them energetically.
And I had a week of
suicidal thoughts
that I knew they weren't mine.
But it was so strong.
It was so strong.
And a few people have
already killed themselves
that were white
mages or whatever
they were that were trying
to work against this.
>> Wow.
>> And I think this is the most
important part of what I want
to share.
The only way I got out
of it was to realize
that both of these sides
are playing the same game.
>> Yep.
>> When I saw these people who
call themselves white mages
just provoking constantly and
creating this dynamic that was
a perfect contrast--
I mean, it was an orchestration.
And it was probably needed
for their own experiences.
>> Right.
>> But I just, at some
point, got sucked out of it.
And all the suicidal
thoughts, everything,
just the whole dynamic
just go like poof.
And ever since then,
it's very hard for me
to get into this
duality, because I
can see that both sides are
making the same mistakes.
When you go through a
personal experience like that
and have that type of a
change of perspective--
I would say that suddenly from
being a player in the game,
I started being the
observer of the whole game.
I wasn't even part
of the game anymore.
>> Right.
>> I was understanding that they
both think they're right from
their own perspective.
>> Sure.
>> And they're doing what they
have to do to maintain that
dynamic.
>> Right.
>> But when you get out
of it, it's like friends.
They're all friends.
>> Yeah.
>> They're just fellow beings
that have their own thing that
they're doing.
>> Sure.
>> And that is what helped
me deal with any kind
of encounters later
on that I had,
which were maybe of malevolent
nature and negative.
It never ended up
being that way.
>> Right.
>> It might have
started that way,
like maybe some being had
an intention towards me.
But with this perspective,
they simply cannot--
they lose their will to do it.
They just kind of--
>> Because they're sort of
looking for that reflection
back so they can
push against it.
>> Yes.
>> But if there's
nothing to push against--
>> Yes.
>> Then you're not
even part of the--
>> You're not participating
in the argument anymore.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And you're not fueling it.
>> Right.
>> But there's another aspect at
least that I understood when it
comes to reptilians.
There is this
pushing when it comes
to these more ferocious ones.
They are bred to
dominate their--
it's in their blood
to be like that.
So I filter that out as
just like the way they are.
But the thing is, when you
address them as an equal,
and if you respect that they
have their own perspective
and reasons for it, and
not try to shove love down
their throat--
>> Right.
>> Because that's the
worst thing you can do.
It's like a direct attack.
And I know people
are like, oh, yeah.
There's one weakness
that these beings have.
But you're perpetuating.
Like we are supposed
to be trying to find
a common language, at
least on some level.
And if we can't
understand that they
have their own
perspective, of course
we can't, because we don't
understand our fellow humans
here even.
>> Sure.
>> And it's the same thing.
So once you understand
that this being has
their own way of
looking at things,
their own way of connecting
to the source, their own way
of doing everything, and if you
come at them with that energy,
without wanting them to change,
or feeling pity for them,
or trying to help them,
they can be so helpful.
They are so wise.
You can learn a lot from them.
People tend to
misunderstand and misread.
When in contact with such an
experience, if it's something
that you feel is
malevolent or demonic,
you always have a choice.
It's not like them
doing something to you.
You can respond
in the same way we
were talking about reptilians.
You can be as threatening
to them as they are to you,
if that's what you want.
>> Right.
>> You can send them love
if that's what you want.
But you can try to
understand them.
And that's what
they want, it seems.
Because I didn't
really get the idea
that when I was being under
these attacks, energy attacks,
that really like their ultimate
goal was to somehow destroy me.
>> Oh, sure.
>> It just seemed like
they were on autopilot.
That's how they're geared.
But when I tried
understanding them,
that whole energy changed.
And I think that's the
most important perspective
to at least having
my-- you don't
have to completely embody it.
But remember it.
If you're having an
encounter, remember
trying to understand what this
other being is experiencing.
And that kind of
switches the polarity
into something that's a bit
zoomed out, a bit more clear,
a bit more where you can see
that you're not a victim,
or somebody else is a
victim, but that it's
like a dynamic happening.
You know?
So yeah.
People can defend
themselves from this.
>> Right.
>> But if that's what
they're going through,
it means that there's something
they need to look at within.
>> Mm.
>> It's coming for a reason.
>> Right.
>> And being pushed away, it's
just going to make it worse.
>> Sure.
Just like our reptilian story.
They're there to teach us
something to learn a story.
>> Yeah.
Otherwise they wouldn't exist.
They have their own role in
creation, like every being has,
every consciousness has.
You know?
It's not like creation,
and these guys over there.
>> Right.
Right.
>> That's just a theoretical
version that people hold,
like a perspective that haven't
really embodied that yet.
>> Right.
>> And it's good for a start.
But you need to experience that.
You need to understand
that it really
is that kind of a
connection, that all of it
is one, in a way that
you can relate to it.
It's part of yourself.
It's reflecting back to you.
That's all you need to know.
>> Yeah.
And this perspective
you have now, I
assume this is more recent?
Or has this perspective sort
of been there for a while?
>> Well, it's been there since
that experience since I've been
under all these attacks and
finally kind of stepped back
and saw how to get out of it.
And I saw the whole
game and everything
when it comes to polarity.
That doesn't mean
that I'm suddenly
like an enlightened monster.
I still have my own
experiences where I'm biased.
experiences where
I'm not really in alignment.
I get unconscious.
And I do something out of my
own programming or whatever,
reactionary.
But the overall picture
that is something
that I'm embodying
every day more and more.
>> Right.
>> And especially in experiences
that might be considered
fearful.
I welcome them, because that's
my chance to see where I'm at.
>> Right.
>> When I'm talking to
these positive beings it's--
>> It's lovey dovey and fun.
>> It's lovey dovey.
It's what everyone wants.
And everyone is
asking me, how do
I connect to the positive ones?
>> Right.
>> And that's OK.
But for me, I know that
the fear is a doorway.
Like Bashar always said, that
was my experience as well.
So whenever I sense
fear, I get excited,
because I know I'm going
to learn something new.
>> Right.
>> And I'm going to see
something about myself that I
had a blind spot about.
And that's how I use it.
>> Awesome.
>> So basically,
I'm super selfish.
And I'm doing all of
this just so I can grow.
>> Yeah.
>> It's just the people
are benefiting all of this.
[LAUGHS]
>> Right.
Well, I mean, but that's
everybody's story too.
>> No.
That's the point of
following your excitement.
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
>> I mean, I get so, so, so
happy to see that people are
actually getting
something out of this.
>> Yeah.
>> It's not my goal.
It's not my obsession
to wake anybody up.
>> Sure.
>> But if I can just put it out
there and make somebody else
open to--
>> Have fun doing your thing.
And if somebody else
likes it, then they
can call you and ask
for an ET drawing.
>> Yeah.
>> You mentioned you
think something got lost
in translation from
the reptilians.
Because a lot of this old--
I call it Yakuza
mentality of this sort
of pyramid structure,
guy on top,
owning, controlling
everything else.
And we sort of relate
that to the reptilians
and that reptilian
way of doing things.
What's your take on that.
>> Well, a reptilian
is such a blanket term.
>> Right.
>> There are so
many different ones,
some of them not even
knowing who the Dracos are,
not even having ever met
them or contacted them.
But when people talk
about this, they usually
refer to the Draco Empire.
>> Sure.
>> And we like calling it empire
because of Star Wars I guess.
>> Right.
And in your research,
do you think
they were the ones that sort
of pushed the whole Orion war
situation?
>> From what I understand, the
Orion was also involved with
some human looking entities.
But it was also reptilians.
And there's still a lot
of reptilians there.
They're just not as we would
think reptilians to be.
>> Right.
They've sort of graduated
from that story.
>> Yeah.
They graduated.
And the thing is, when a being
is so under pressure, so split,
so divided, so contracted, when
the transformation happens,
it happens that much more.
So even the Dracos that are
splitting off of this paradigm
that they had going on there
with the Draconian Empire,
and them wanting
to rule the galaxy
or whatever their goal
was, basically the Dracos
can evolve very quickly
once they split off
and stop buying
into that paradigm.
Because if you have a pyramidal
scheme, all of these under
are not going to be happy.
>> Right.
>> No matter if
they're reptilian,
or whatever they are.
So there's a lot of shifting
happening there too.
And I think it relates
to what is happening
on Earth in some way as well.
I believe we, by
shifting our perspectives
from the rigid this or that,
and the rigid us versus them
into a more holistic
view of the whole picture
is helping them understand
themselves better, because they
relate to our reptilian brain.
They relate to our
passionate instincts,
to I don't even know
what would I call it
except for the reptilian brain.
Everyone knows what it is.
The lower three
chakras, let's say.
They can go either way.
They can either be
balanced, or they
can be completely ego based,
selfish, and all that.
We have all of that within us.
And we can understand
them very well,
if we would accept that
this is a part of us,
and resolve that shadow
on a collective base.
So what is happening from
what I'm observing now
is that we are kind of
parallel evolving with them,
because they are so engraved
in our business here.
There is a connection
that has been made.
And a lot of them are
really splitting off.
And that doesn't
mean that all of then
are going to be light,
shiny, and happy.
Some of them are
just splitting off
and going there to do their own
thing without following orders
anymore, without
wanting to conquer.
They just want to have
their own lives basically,
their own decisions.
But the latest I have
heard, I think it was--
>> And this story, where
are you getting this from?
>> Various different
sources and my own.
There is a channeler
who channels
one of these groups
that have split.
And I have connections
in a few of these groups
that have already split.
Rob has his own sources that are
talking about the same thing.
Even Roxy, I remember,
she channeled
one of the reptilians that
was talking about this.
>> Interesting.
>> They are getting tired
of playing the bad guy
of the galaxy.
>> Right.
>> And this role was needed.
It was needed for us
to learn anything.
You can't learn anything without
having a contrast of some sort.
>> Sure.
>> So we need to appreciate
them for that, for starters.
You don't have to
agree with them.
live like them.
>> Right.
>> But at least appreciate that
there is a contrast that is
pushing you to learn.
>> Right.
>> And since now it's
slowly dissolving,
and the whole humanity is kind
of shifting in this positive
direction of integration
and accepting all these lost
children that we have
rejected from our own selves,
it seems like the reptilians are
going through the same thing.
Probably not the
most engraved ones
on the top, but a
lot of them are.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think
that is great news,
because from what we've learned,
all these races have had
so many problems
with reptilians.
>> Right.
>> It's not just us.
>> So who knows?
Maybe we're going to help
make peace in the galaxy
without even knowing it.
>> Yeah.
>> At least with them.
Your work and your research, you
really sort of opened my eyes
to these other reptilian races.
>> Yeah.
>> And I like how you put out
your personal channelings,
or channeling sessions you've
had with other channelers who
have these reptilians.
And you sort of put that
out there for the world
and for myself to
listen, compare research,
and to hear these stories.
And it really helps
take away the fear
and that perception
of, oh, all reptilians
are bad kind of perception
that a lot of us,
especially in the
spiritual communities
label and put on these guys.
>> Well, that's what I find
funny is like saying all humans
are like this or like that.
>> Right.
Yeah.
>> Or like all members of
this human race are like this
or like that.
You can't do that.
The space is vast.
>> Sure.
>> There are millions of these
different beings out there.
Yes.
There is a limited
amount of them
that are in direct
contact with us.
>> Right.
>> But we all have these
oversold connections all over
the place.
There are places that have
reptilians that did not
originate from the Dracos.
So it's not just the Dracos
that brought all reptilians
to our galaxy.
Like TReb, for example, is
like a hybrid between an animal
reptile and an advanced human.
>> Right.
>> So that's the
same with Pleiadians.
There is no all positive
and all negative.
You have all these
different groups.
I mean, Pleiades is a system of
so many stars and so many races
around there, just like
Orion, just like Sirius, just
like Arcturus.
Even though I would probably say
for Arcturus that I don't think
that a negative
oriented being would
be able to exist within that.
>> Right.
>> They are so high up that they
probably wouldn't be interested
in being there.
>> Right.
So what races would you say
would be the key ones that
have either our
DNA, or spiritually
that we're interacting with.
>> Well, reptilians for sure.
I mean, we have their DNA.
We know about that.
The Lyrans.
>> Lyrans.
Yes.
OK.
>> Or Lerans, how
people call them.
>> We didn't cover them yet.
>> They are supposedly the
origin of a human form in this
neighborhood.
So that's like our
far, far, far ancestry.
>> Right.
And even in the last
interview I did with Lisa,
she said that
Pleiadians actually--
>> Come from Lyrans.
>> That was our connection.
Yeah.
They were the Lyrans.
>> Yeah.
So basically all
these humanoid forms
are related to us, just
like we are to them.
I am not sure about
the insectoid,
whether we have their DNA.
But I know that the mantis
beings, even though there's
so many different ones, again,
most of how I perceive them
and what I heard about
them was that they're
master geneticists.
So even if they're not
contributing their own DNA,
I think they're somehow
involved in this alteration
that we're going through.
Arcturians for sure.
>> Maybe in the DNA level?
More of a spiritual level?
>> I think they're working
on these etheric DNA strands.
You know how people
say we have 12?
Well, those 12 are etheric.
They're not physical.
They're not going to be
manifested as physical,
at least from what I know.
But they're on
these other levels,
just like we have
8th, 9th, 10th chakra,
different levels of existence.
And they are the ones that
are seemingly tweaking us.
At least my experience
with them was
when they got me
on the ships, they
would somehow tweak my energy
bodies so that in physical I
can be more loving,
receive more light,
and hold in more of that energy.
So that's kind of like their
thing what they're doing.
And they're also doing a
lot of emotional healing.
>> Mhm.
>> But I can't forget Sirius.
>> Sirius.
Yep.
>> Sirius is there, and
all these aquatic beings.
There's felines there.
There's, again, all
these different races
that are around Sirius.
But we are mostly
connecting directly here
on the planet with
cetaceans, like whales,
and all these
beings that are kind
of conduits for that energy.
But when it comes to DNA,
I think at this point
we can't even tell anymore.
>> Right.
>> Maybe at some point when it
just started there was a clear
picture of who contributed.
But I think what
actually happened
was, over time, we were
tweaked and tweaked
by all these different beings.
And it might be so that
we can be helped more.
It might be for
their own agendas.
But ultimately, the universe
has a structure that
is going to end up happening.
Evolution is inevitable.
>> Sure.
>> So there is no reason for
people to worry when it comes
to that.
Somehow it's going to come up.
The cork is going to pop to
the surface, as Abraham says.
But in my opinion, the
most important ones
are the hybrids, because
they're bridging.
They're literally bridging.
>> Right.
Physically and--
>> How I saw it, I mean, I
am excited about meeting all
of these physically.
But when it comes to hybrids,
I understand this thing.
And that is when a human that
hasn't got any idea about ETs,
that might be afraid, comes face
to face with their own child,
that connection
cannot be ignored.
It cannot be broken.
It's something that's
very, very tangible.
I mean, I felt
it, very strongly,
without wanting, expecting
it, or looking for it.
So I think the hybrids are the
key when it comes to us opening
up to these foreign energies.
That's probably going to be why
we are going to be integrating
them in our society,
because they are part us,
and they can relate to us
better than the actual ET can.
>> Sure.
>> Probably a lot of them
would like to ask us a lot
of questions.
It's not just that the
teachers are connecting to us.
>> Right.
>> It's not just these beings
who want to share information
with us.
There are also a
lot of them who are
genuinely excited about having
a counterpart as a human.
>> Well, the kids seem to be
really excited about coming
here.
So that's going to be
interesting how they really--
what is that whole
integration of the kids here?
>> That's something that I've
been thinking about a lot.
But to me, we are
not yet humans.
We are becoming what
we're going to become.
And a lot of people
see us or themselves
as not worthy, or
constantly in conflict,
or race infesting this planet.
>> Right.
>> And it's really not
the way they see us.
Maybe some of them do, probably.
But most of them are very aware
that we have this genetics
that's blending within us.
And if we are successful in
integrating all these things,
and all these
emotional extremes,
we are going to be, let's
say, a major player.
>> Yeah.
>> A major player.
We have a potential to be a
highly advanced civilization
that has something
that none of them have.
And that's how I see humans.
And that's why I haven't
lost faith in humanity
or this and that.
But when you look at
people who get caught up,
like you said before,
they are also contributing
to that, because they are
going so deep, so far away,
like fractalizing
all the way out,
as far as they can stretch.
And then they bring
all of that with them
as an experience
that is going to be
integrated in the collective.
That's what all of
us also are doing.
In my perspective, we
are exploring this realm,
and then sending
it back, informing
the other counterparts,
informing the oversoul,
informing the vacuum,
as Nassim Haramein says.
So it's constant
variety and uniquedness,
as they say sometimes
that is what
is good about being
here on the planet.
I mean, yes, we
are a collective.
And at some point
we are going to be
a collective consciousness
that is going to harmonize.
But it's our unique
perspectives that
are making this whole experience
something else entirely.
>> Right.
Right.
>> And I think that needs to
be appreciated no matter what
level somebody is on.
>> Sure.
Yeah.
>> Just like with reptilians
and Pleiadians, or Arcturians.
>> Thank you very much for
being in the middle of nowhere.
[LAUGHING]
So I can come and visit
you and do this interview.
And I'm glad we
finally got to do it.
And I look forward
to future stuff.
Keep us posted.
How do people find you?
>> Vashta.com.
>> Vashta.
>> They can find links to
my Facebook, my YouTube,
my everything on that website.
>> Sweet.
Awesome.
And I look forward to
seeing more cool art,
and seeing where that goes,
and maybe future channelings?
>> Yeah.
That's very, very possible
the way it's going right now.
>> Awesome.
Awesome.
Cool.
>> Well, I'm really glad that
I got the chance to talk to you
as well, to meet you, and to
participate in your awesome
project.
So thank you.
>> Yeah.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]